# Get More Sales By Writing A Perfect Call-To-Action

If you ever get the chance to look at 100 different ads, you will notice a pattern.

They are all boooring, lame, and ineffective. They don’t induce any emotion. It’s as if a robot wrote them.

And what most of them are missing is a well-thought-out, well-crafted CTA.

A call-to-action isn’t just a call to action. It’s a very powerful tool to move things forward. It is how you supercharge your marketing strategy. It’s you holding your prospect’s hand and guiding them through the process.

Less than 3% of prospects are ready to buy NOW. There are levels to the game. So “Buy Now” isn’t going to cut it. 

And the primary thing you want to avoid is confusion.

### A Call-To-Action For Every Level of The Journey
Imagine your client just realized that they have a hair loss problem and they are still getting to know what’s out there in the market. The last thing they want to see is “BUY NOW”.

So, if you don’t want to lose them to the competition, what you want to do is craft a CTA tailored to their thinking process. 

“Discover How We Can Help You Grow Your Hair Back” or “Learn More About How We Can Stop Hair Loss For You” are far better CTAs because they speak to the prospect’s state of mind.

You are not asking for immediate commitment but offering information that can spark curiosity and get people interested. You are moving the needle forward without being pushy or salesy. 

Once you grab attention, the next thing is to build interest and induce desire.

You want them to salivate over the meal you’re going to give them.

At this stage, your prospects are exploring, learning and comparing options. So, the role of a CTA is to guide them toward deeper engagement by providing value without demanding too much in return.

For example, in case you’re selling courses to local businesses, “Download Our Free Guide To Grow Your Business” or “Subscribe For Tips on How To Increase Your Traffic” are precisely what you want to tell them.

These CTAs show that you are the expert, you know your craft and you can actually help them. They help alleviate some of the anxiety that comes with commiting to something while keeping the focus on the customer’s needs. Still no hard selling.

### Push The Client Forward By Touching on Their Desire
Once your client is leaning towards making a decision, they need a little bit more convincing that your product or service is the right fit. 

This is where you should tell the prospect “I CAN ACTUALLY HELP YOU”.

“See How We Helped This Client Lose 15 Pounds in 6 Months” for example.

This CTA pushes the client towards making a decision by showing real world value.

By using it, you are encouraging prospects to picture themselves benefiting from your offer.

### Drive Action To Seal The Deal
Your prospect is now at the final stage. The most crucial step. The buying stage.

And this is where your CTA needs to convert leads into clients.

How? Simply by making it easy for them to say yes. Be direct and clear about the action you want them to take.

“Claim Your Limited-Time Offer Now”.
“Start Making Money Today - Limited Spots Available”.

At this point, your Call-To-Action should be laser-focused on pushing for a decision. You can use urgency to motivate them to take the final step.

In the end, crafting a CTA isn’t just about fancy wording and looking smart. It’s about nudging your prospect at the right time with the right amount of emotion. 

Whether they’re just discovering your business or deciding to buy, CTAs designed for each stage are going to send your conversion rates through the roof.

Till next time.

PS: We wrote hundreds of CTAs for different businesses, and each time, they saw great results.

If you want to be one of them, don’t hesitate to reach out now by filling [this form](https://www.focusedresultsmedia.com/contact).

We will tell you exactly how we can work together to help you get more sales.

If we’re not a right fit, no problem. We’re not going to be pushy or salesy. Guaranteed.
