# Avoid This Mistake in Business at All Cost

Running a business can feel like a balancing act. At first, you try to test everything to find what works and what doesn’t.

Once you find that ‘thing’ that works, it becomes very tempting to lean on it going forward — whether it’s that one big client, a reliable method of lead generation or an all-star employee.

But as the saying goes: “Putting all your eggs in one basket leads to disaster”. Because what would happen if something happens to that basket?

The truth is, reliance on one person or one plan of action, while it may seem secure, is a ticking time bomb, a weakness in your defense, an attack vector which should be avoided at all cost.

In this article, we will break down how to avoid making this mistake and highlight the key to your long-term success.

### The One-Pillar Trap

Once upon a time, there was a local company that landed a client that will pay for 80% of their business. 

This made their turnover reach the sky.

They were very pleased with themselves. Like Icarus, they were flying high, enjoying their greatness, basking in the glow of their achievement.

And like Icarus… they were about to be humbled badly.

On the surface, it sounded great — consistent revenue, reliable income, and seemingly stable growth.

But one day, due to a management shake-up, that client decided to cut ties. 

Suddenly it was chaos all over again and they had no back-up plan.

### The Chaos That Follows

It’s really tempting to lean on that one pillar when things are going well. 

What you don’t realize is, in doing so, your business becomes like a house of cards.

Any sudden change in that particular area will make your business go down in the water.

You know that thing that won’t break? Shouldn't break? Can’t break? 

It will eventually break.

And that’s the nasty thing about business: Anything that CAN go wrong, WILL go wrong.

One big client? What if they go out of business, switch vendors or decide to downsize?

One source of leads? What if Google or Meta changes their ad policies or your ad account gets shut down?

One key employee? What happens when they quit, retire, or get abducted by aliens?

I make it a point to spot all the “ONES” in my business or the businesses I work with because they are major vulnerabilities. They are attack vectors. Weaknesses that should be addressed and problems that should be solved.

The longer you depend on that one pillar, the more fragile your business becomes. 

In fact, the time it takes to recover from such a loss far exceeds the time it takes to build a proactive safety net.

So how can you avoid such pitfalls and make your business bulletproof?

### Become “Hard-To-Kill”

The key to avoiding the one pillar trap is… Diversification.

Instead of relying on one source, spread your risk across multiple sources.

Having multiple medium clients is better than having one big client.

Having multiple lead generation methods is better than having one method.

Having multiple skilled employees is better than having one all-star employee.

For example, when it comes to marketing this means we’re always looking to get an ad to work… and then we branch it out across many different platforms.

Meta Ads working? Awesome.

Let’s look at other channels.

What about Google?
Newsletters?
Offline advertising?
Affiliate marketing?
Referrals?

And anything else that we can think of.

Businesses with multiple revenue streams, marketing channels and talent pools are much harder to shake and are more resilient in the face of challenges and sudden crises.

Do your future self a favor.

Audit your business now for any over-reliance on a single pillar and start expanding your safety net. You’ll be thankful you did when the unexpected happens — and it will.

P.S: If you’d like us to audit your marketing and spot all the weaknesses in your advertising strategy, contact us by filling [this form](https://www.focusedresultsmedia.com/contact).

We will get back to you within 48 hours with a full marketing analysis and we can even discuss it with you in depth on a call.

No costs, no obligations. 
