# If You Can’t Find Enough Clients, This is For You

One of the most important lessons I picked up about marketing came surprisingly not from when I was working, but when I was still in school.

One day, in business school, our teacher asked the students:

“Imagine you were opening a coffee shop. How would you go about ensuring your new business’s success?”

Students started answering:

“Premium quality coffee beans!”
“Cheaper prices!”
“More unique variants!”

To which the teacher then replied:

“You guys aren’t completely wrong. These could work - to a certain degree”

“But the easiest - and perhaps the most efficient way to be successful - is to find a hungry crowd”

In this article, you will learn how a hungry crowd can supercharge your business and can GUARANTEE making more money than you know what to do with.

Let’s dig in.

### The Starving Crowd Principle

Whenever starting a business, most owners tend to drop their product in the market and try to create demand for it from scratch.

The problem with this method is that it takes more resources than to build a stadium. And, most times, it simply doesn’t work.

Instead, there is a far superior cheat code that you can use which costs absolutely nothing other than a bit of time investment. 

Take the pandemic for example (or the PLANdemic, who knows what they’re trying to do to us these days).

When the virus hit, everyone was rushing to buy enough toilet paper for the next 50 years.

Did the toilet paper companies change anything in their product?

No.

There was simply a huge hunger for that product at the time.

And the supermarkets just stood by and watched the money roll in (They could’ve even tripled the price and people would’ve still bought it)

That’s the beauty of a hungry crowd.

You don’t have to artificially create demand for a product.

All you have to do is find an existing need in the market and cater to it.

So how can you do the same thing for your business?

### How To Find A Crowd That is Eager To Buy

There is only one way to go about it.

RESEARCH.

I know it may sound boring, but trust me, if you find a credible pool of customers that you can count on for a steady flow of demand, you have just become a millionaire.

“But, what am I going to look for then?” you may ask.

Simple. It all boils down to…

…pain points. 

And they are everywhere.

Sometimes, they are right in front of you. All you have to do is open your eyes.

If your product is positioned in such a way as to be the solution to the customers’ needs, you will be rewarded immensely. 

It’s amazing how it works EVERY. TIME.

That’s it. Simple yet remarkably efficient.

PS: Curious about how I’d handle the research part for your business? Do this:

Get in touch with our agency today. If we’re a good fit I will personally take a look at your company, come up with a strategy and discuss it with you in depth on a call.

No cost, no obligation.

If you want us to work together, I’ll tell you exactly how that works. If not, that’s fine too. No hard selling, no annoying sales tactics.

Sounds good? Fill [this form](https://www.focusedresultsmedia.com/contact) then.

