# A Simple Step To Become Top Choice in Your Market

Ever heard of a certain product and immediately thought of a brand?

Think of a smartphone and what brand comes to mind?
Think about fried chicken. A search engine. And many other products.

Unless you’re from the stone ages, I believe you’ve immediately answered all these questions in your head.

Being first choice in a market gives a massive advantage. You get most of the sales for that certain product.

Why buy Johnny’s Cola when you can buy Coca-Cola?

However, being top of the pile in a market is not easy to achieve and many brands fail to retain their position or even achieve it in the first place.

In this article we will talk about how to become and stay the top choice in your market.

Let’s dig in.

### More Attention Means More Competition

Once you or your brand start getting more visibility and recognition, you become aware of the fierce competition around you.

Failing to retain attention leads to stagnation and decline. Eventually, fading away.

Back in the day, whenever someone wanted to rent a videotape, their immediate choice was Blockbuster.

Blockbuster had stores in every corner. They had massive success. And they were top of the pile in the video rentals market.

However, they failed to adapt to the digital age and did not invest in staying relevant as consumers shifted to online streaming.

This gave an opportunity to competitors to swoop in and steal customers from Blockbuster. And that’s what Netflix did.

Netflix became the first choice for home entertainment.

Blockbuster’s inability to maintain visibility in a changing market led to its eventual bankruptcy.

Don’t be like Blockbuster.

What you want to do is, ideally, to become the first choice that comes to mind for every potential customer in your area when they think of the product or service you sell and/or the problem you solve. 

So let’s talk about how to make that happen:

### How To Become Top Choice In A Market And Crush The Competition

Let’s say you run a service business. Could be accounting. Could be a law firm, lawn mowing or any service business.

How would you get the word out about your service?

Maybe you’d run ads. Maybe you’d tell everybody around you. Maybe you’d put up a sign or buy a billboard.

Maybe you’d do all of the above. Which would be a great start.

Now add a CTA to all of it and everything gets supercharged.

A CTA is a Call To Action and it’s the best way -by far- to build that desirable top of mind awareness that we’re talking about.

By the way, if you have reached this far, I appreciate it. A lot of time goes into writing these articles to help new business owners get the most out of their marketing. 

Read this article to learn more about how to get more clients for your business. Super helpful.

Let’s continue.

### Improve Your Advertising By Including A CTA To Maximize Impact.

See how I just included a CTA in my article? I just asked you to read another article, which will lead you to do another thing, then another, ending in either buying or dying (figuratively).

Adding a CTA makes everything better. It allows you to attract both customers that are ready to buy now AND customers that are still thinking about it. 

A CTA is something like: “Download this free guide to do X” or “Read this article to learn about Y” or “Put your email here to receive Z”.

A call to action encourages engagement and interaction. It also allows you to gradually indoctrinate your audience by making them consume your content more frequently. Leading to you becoming the top choice because everybody becomes aware of you as the expert in that field.

So let’s start adding CTAs to your marketing. It’s easy, doesn’t cost anything and it can change EVERYTHING for you.

P.S: Curious about how I’d implement CTAs in your business? Do this:

Get in touch with our agency today. If we’re a good fit I will personally take a look at your company and your marketing, come up with a strategy of what I’d do differently and discuss it with you in depth on a call. 

No cost, no obligation. 

If you want to work together I’ll tell you exactly how that works, if you don’t want to work together that’s fine too. No hard selling, no pressure, no annoying sales tactics.

Sounds good? Then fill out this form.

