# Reach Ultimate Success By Leveraging This One Valuable Asset

Consider that you need to buy something.

And some random dude approached you and offered to sell you the exact item you wanted to buy.

In most cases, you’d be reluctant to buy it from him, even though it’s EXACTLY what you need.

Why is that?

Well, you don’t know who he is.

You’re probably going to think that he wants to scam you.

Or, in some rare cases, even rob you.

Just by looking at him for the first time, you constructed an image in the back of your head that made you not want to buy from him.

This is exactly how it works in business.

If one looks like a hobo, no one is buying from them.

### Perception Matters

As a business owner, the image you project to your clients is crucial.

Either your personal image or your company’s image.

Both are equally important.

If you are meeting a client and your hair is messy, your beard is out of control and you have a ketchup stain on your shirt, don’t bother going to the meeting. 

They are NOT buying what you’re selling, even if you have the best pitch in history.

Similarly, big companies invest heavily in curating an image of how they want to be perceived by clients.

The goal is not to charm the client and make them fall in love. 

The goal is to project a strong image, and a high social status.

### Control Your Reputation To Skyrocket Your Net Worth 

People, in general, notice a lot of things about a person.

How they dress, how they behave, how they talk and how they act.

All of it is important because that’s how people measure you.

As you climb the social ladder, you will notice how successful people are ultra careful about their reputation.

Having a good reputation will make money rain from the sky.

And a good reputation starts with self-respect.

If you respect yourself, others treat you with more respect and recognition.

If not, they walk right over you. Guaranteed.

### Become Better Through Brutal Self-Accountability

One simple step to have a super good reputation is to become self-accountable for everything you do.

If you fail, or make a mistake, don’t blame others for it, don’t blame the weather or your 5-year old cousin. 

Instead, look back on what you did and where you potentially made a mistake. Then vow to never make the same mistake again.

Self-accountability inspires leadership. And that’s what you need as a businessman.
